Feat: Adding the option to provide cpu count and memory size for the … (#413)
aws/amazon-genomics-cli: site/content/en/docs/Concepts/contexts.md

      - type: nextflow
        engine: nextflow
```
### Engine vCpus and Memory default minimums:

| Engine    | vCpus | Memory value (MiB) |
|-----------|-------|--------------------|
| Cromwell  | 2     | 16384              |
| Nextflow  | 1     | 2048               |
| miniwdl   | 2     | 4096               |
| Snakemake | 2     | 4096               |
| Toil      | 2     | 16384              |

> You may optionally specify the number of vCpus and memory used in a context job, vCpu count for engines Cromwell or Toil would be converted to cpu units, 1024 per each vCPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may optionally specify the number of vCpus and memory used in a context definition, vCpu count for server engines such as Cromwell or Toil would be converted to cpu units, 1024 per each vCPU.
```
